c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\CopiaDocumentos.exe.config
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\CopiaDocumentos.exe
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\CopiaDocumentos.pdb
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\obj\Release\CopiaDocumentos.ProjectInstaller.resources
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\obj\Release\CopiaDocumentos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\obj\Release\CopiaDocumentos.exe
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\obj\Release\CopiaDocumentos.pdb
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\MimeTypeMap.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\MimeTypeMap.List.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\MimeTypes.Core.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\MimeTypesMap.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocumentos\CopiaDocumentos\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
